Ha..ha..ha...ha
I thought (***) yes
I do, um...
You know, it's funny because I.
I've been thinking about what hobbies I should develop because...
I feel like I haven't been really actively
Passionately involved in a movie lately.
I've been, you know, I could say yes.
So i like to read, which I do, when the pandemic hit.
I was reading a lot and I loved it because all of a sudden we had all this quiet.
Time and I finally....
got into ebooks which I never did before. I used to go to the library
or, you know, or read, you know, like,
print and I picked up ebooks and I loved it.
because I just felt it was so easy to...
pick up only because most books I never read twice.
I never go back to it. so umm...
I just kind of like to gloss around and if I don't like it I can always pick up
Like i think so that was fun for a while umm
Not as a child. My sister was actually the avid reader when I was a kid.
And I would always want to play with dolls or something.
Became mad at her because I wanted to.
where she would like to read, but I did major in literature in college.
So I finally got into reading later, I felt like, in life.
and I really enjoyed it. and yeah...yes
I was not
Um, I was debating on what to major in and I felt English
was a very practical major.
I know lots of people are going into business or sciences and another (***)
In terms of just being able to kind of get a wide
I think I want a wide range of exposure to different things.
I felt like I could study philosophy and religion.
And there no sciences but..
saying it's literature, it's reading.
because you do get exposed to a wide variety of topics and things.
That's kind of what I ended up gravitating toward.
Yes, it's developed into a...
lifelong, I guess, love or, you know, just learning in general.
Right now, I have been umm
What did I read last? I remember I read Jimmy Carter's
No more? Uh-huh.
Before and i was just fascinated by his life.
humble conditions.
and went on to just do extraordinary things.
And so I do like biographies, if I could get ahead.
Henry Michaels (***) I do like
I try to expand sometimes. I tend to...
I think as I'm older and my...
My grand teachers were more non-fiction.
works versus before I used to.
you know, want to pick up a fiction, a novel or two.
But I still like and enjoy the occasional musical. right
You know when the pandemic hit..
I think I was going for a....
I mean, I don't read that quickly, so I think I went through a good...
15, 20 titles.
that first year within that year of the first month of the  pandemic.
but I usually don't read that much. I might go through a book.
I might get into feces.
read for a while and the like put it down and do something else.
Yes, yes. I do most of my reading at night.
I'll turn into bed early and just..
lie on the bed that's where the inputs are great, because I don't...
You have to put on a night light or you'll remember to turn it off.
I just read them in the dark on my phone.
I have on occasion been very, you know...
I usually catch myself though and...
head down and then I'm done. Yes, it helps me fall asleep.
(***) then when i am waiting
ohhhh
okay
yeah i know
That was good. Yes, that's a good read.
I guess it depends what you like to read. I read...
You know when the pandemic hit, I remember...